<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
	<link rel="icon" href="imgs/ggbytes-transparent-g.png" type="image/png" />
	<!-- External Link to our CSS file -->
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css" />
	<title>About</title>
	<link href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.0.0-beta3/css/all.min.css" rel="stylesheet" />

	<script src="scripts.js" defer="defer"></script>
</head>
<body>
	
	<div id="header"></div>
	<div id="main">
			<h3>About Me</h3>
			<p>YO! I'm Gary, a passionate learner and an aspiring technologist currently on an exciting journey to bridge the gap between engineering and computer science. I hold a Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from Cal Poly SLO and am pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science as part of the post-baccalaureate program at California State University, Monterey Bay (CSUMB).</p>
    
    <p>My journey into the world of technology began with my fascination for how things work. As an engineer, I have always been driven by a desire to solve complex problems and create innovative solutions. This curiosity has led me to explore the realm of emerging technologies, particularly artificial intelligence and machine learning. I believe these fields hold the key to revolutionizing how we approach engineering challenges.</p>

    <p>In my spare time, I enjoy:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>Working on personal projects that combine my engineering background with my growing computer science skills.</li>
        <li>Exploring the latest advancements in AI and technology.</li>
        <li>Engaging in communities that share my interests, where I can learn from others and contribute my insights.</li>
    </ul>

    <p>As I continue my studies, I am eager to integrate my technical expertise with my passion for innovation. My goal is to develop solutions that enhance efficiency and sustainability in engineering practices, ultimately making a positive impact on the world.</p>

    <p>Thank you for visiting my page! Feel free to connect with me to discuss ideas, collaborations, or just to chat about technology.</p>
	<p><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/garykuepper/">Linkedin</a></p>
	<p><a href="https://github.com/garykuepper">Github</a></p>
			
	</div>
	<div id="footer"></div>  
	
</body>
</html>