<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
	<link rel="icon" href="imgs/Glogo2_nobg.png" type="image/png" />
	<!-- External Link to our CSS file -->
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css" />
	<title>Projects</title>
	<script src="scripts.js" defer="defer"></script>
</head>
<body>
	
	<div id="header"></div>
	<main>
		<h3>Projects</h3>
		<p>I've been working on several projects over the years but I haven't done a good job of documenting my progress! I aim to change that with this website and showcase some of the stuff I've been doing. Below you can check out my latest and previous projects:</p>
		
		<ul> 
			<li>
				<span class="non-existing">Rover</span> - <em>in-progress</em>
				<ul>
					<li>Objective: Develop a smart RC car with semi-autonomous and ultimately autonomous features</li>
					<li>Requirements:</li>
					<ul>
						<li>The rover should be controlled using a PS4 controller with extended range since Bluetooth range is fairly short.</li>
						<li>The rover should be able to drive in a straight line or any other basic patterns.</li>
					</ul>
				</ul>
			</li>
	
			<li>
				<span class="non-existing">Drone</span> - <em>on-hold</em>
				<ul>
					<li>Objective: Develop a small-medium sized drone with swarm technology.</li>
					<li>On hold since I'll be learning the foundations of good software design and hardware design with the Rover project first.</li>
				</ul>
			</li>
	
			<li>
				<span class="non-existing">Gary Gigabytes Website</span> - <em>in-progress</em>
				<ul>
					<li>Objective: Showcase my personal and academic projects! Oh, and by the way, welcome!</li>
				</ul>
			</li>
	
			<li>
				<span class="non-existing">Smart Mirror</span> - <em>completed</em>
				<ul>
					<li>Objective: Develop a smart mirror that displays useful information such as time, weather, and notifications.</li>
				</ul>
			</li>
		</ul>
	
		<p><em>Last updated: October 13, 2024</em></p>
	</main>
	
	<div id="footer"></div>  
	
</body>
</html>